New Sidebar article & related article changes (#2648)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/sidebar.md

    <p>This side panel is enabled on all sites</p>
  </body>
</html>
```

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Example 2: Switching to a different sidebar

Users can switch to a different sidebar when they switch tabs.

The following example sets a welcome sidebar on `runtime.OnInstalled()`, when the user navigates to a different tab, it replaces the welcome page sidebar with the main sidebar.

`service-worker.js`:

```js
const welcomePage = 'sidepanels/welcome-sp.html';
const mainPage = 'sidepanels/main-sp.html';

chrome.runtime.onInstalled.addListener(() => {
  chrome.sidePanel.setOptions({ path: welcomePage });
});

chrome.tabs.onActivated.addListener(async ({ tabId }) => {
  const { path } = await chrome.sidePanel.getOptions({ tabId });
  if (path === welcomePage) {
    chrome.sidePanel.setOptions({ path: mainPage });
  }
});
```

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Example 3: Enabling sidebar on a specific site

An extension can use`sidepanel.setOptions()` to enable a sidebar on a specific site. This can be a particular website a user is using and would want the same extension to open in the sidebar, once this website is opened.

`service-worker.js`:

```js

> const GOOGLE_ORIGIN = 'https://www.google.com';

Author: ```suggestion
const BING_ORIGIN = 'https://www.bing.com';
```

Author: Outdated surrounding Markdown.
I incorp'd this change, per latest Files Changed tab
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files

chrome.tabs.onUpdated.addListener(async (tabId, info, tab) => {
  if (!tab.url) return;
  const url = new URL(tab.url);

>   // Enables the side panel on google.com

Author: ```suggestion
  // Enables the side panel on Bing.com
```

Author: Outdated surrounding Markdown.
I incorp'd this change, per latest Files Changed tab
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files

>   if (url.origin === GOOGLE_ORIGIN) {

Author: ```suggestion
  if (url.origin === BING_ORIGIN) {
```
global - tech review this change @Bhuvana-Priya

Author: Outdated surrounding Markdown.
I incorp'd this change, per latest Files Changed tab
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files

Author: Outdated surrounding Markdown.
I incorp'd this change, per latest Files Changed tab
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files

    await chrome.sidePanel.setOptions({
      tabId,
      path: 'sidepanel.html',
      enabled: true
    });
  } else {
    // Disables the side panel on all other sites
    await chrome.sidePanel.setOptions({
      tabId,
      enabled: false
    });
  }
});
```

When a user temporarily switches to a tab where the sidebar is not enabled, the sidebar will be hidden. 

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Example 4: Enabling the action Icon to open the sidebar

By declaring the “action” key in the manifest, developers can allow users to open the side panel when they click on the action toolbar icon with `sidePanel.setPanelBehavior()`.

`manifest.json`:

```json
{
  "name": "My side panel extension",
  ...
   "action": {
    "default_title": "Click to open panel"
  },
  ...
}
```

`service-worker.js`:

```js

> const GOOGLE_ORIGIN = 'https://www.google.com';

Author: ```suggestion
const GOOGLE_ORIGIN = 'https://www.bing.com';
```

Author: Outdated surrounding Markdown.
I incorp'd this change, per latest Files Changed tab
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files

Use this article to enable the sidebar for your new or existing extension.

For complete details of how to create an extension, see:
* [Create an extension tutorial, part 1](../getting-started/part1-simple-extension.md)
* [Create an extension tutorial, part 2](../getting-started/part2-content-scripts.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin

As with other extension resources, the sidebar page commits to a trusted extension context on its origin (`extension://<id>`).  The sidebar has the same API access as other trusted extension contexts.

All the existing extensions APIs are available for sidebar extensions, so you can leverage all current capabilities of the extensibility framework in your sidebar-enabled extension.

To add a sidebar to your extension, follow the steps below.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 1: Modify the manifest file

Every extension for Microsoft Edge has a JSON-formatted manifest file, named `manifest.json`.  The manifest file is the blueprint of your extension.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Permissions and supported API

> A new supported API field, `side_panel`, should be included in the extension manifest file along with the permission `sidePanel`.

Reviewer: The permission sidePanel should be included in the extension manifest file.

Developers can use the supported API field, side_panel, to set the sidepanel option in their extension.

Author: Outdated surrounding Markdown.
Status here per latest Files Changed tab
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files
tbd...

Use this article to enable the sidebar for your new or existing extension.

For complete details of how to create an extension, see:
* [Create an extension tutorial, part 1](../getting-started/part1-simple-extension.md)
* [Create an extension tutorial, part 2](../getting-started/part2-content-scripts.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin

As with other extension resources, the sidebar page commits to a trusted extension context on its origin (`extension://<id>`).  The sidebar has the same API access as other trusted extension contexts.

All the existing extensions APIs are available for sidebar extensions, so you can leverage all current capabilities of the extensibility framework in your sidebar-enabled extension.

To add a sidebar to your extension, follow the steps below.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 1: Modify the manifest file

Every extension for Microsoft Edge has a JSON-formatted manifest file, named `manifest.json`.  The manifest file is the blueprint of your extension.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Permissions and supported API

> The permission sidePanel should be included in the extension manifest file.

Author: locally changed the two sentences to:
Use the `side_panel` API field to set the side panel option in your extension.  Include the `sidePanel` permission in the extension manifest file:

> Developers can use the supported API field, side_panel, to set the sidepanel option in their extension. 

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `side_panel` API field to set the sidepanel option in your extension.
```

Author: locally changed the two sentences to:
Use the `side_panel` API field to set the side panel option in your extension.  Include the `sidePanel` permission in the extension manifest file:

Your extension can be accessed in the sidebar by clicking the sidebar icon in the hub in the toolbar.
<!-- todo: accessed from the sidebar, or loaded into the sidebar? -->

Extensions can also be opened in the sidebar by right-clicking an extension's shortcut in the toolbar.
<!-- todo: opened into the sidebar; loaded into the sidebar? -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Properties for sidebars

| Property | Description | Optional? |
|---|---|---|
| `openPanelOnActionClick` | Whether clicking the extension's icon toggles showing the extension's entry in the side panel.  The default value is `false`. | No<!-- contradiction?  the fact that there's a default value implies that this property is optional --> |
| `enabled` | Whether the side panel <!--sidebar?--> should be enabled.  The default value is `true`. | Yes |
| `path` |The path for the side panel HTML file.  This needs to be a local resource within the extension package. | No |
| `default_path` | The developer-specified path for the side-panel <!--sidebar?--> display. | No |

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## See also

> * [Supported APIs for Microsoft Edge extensions](../developer-guide/api-support.md)<!-- todo: add the `sidebar` API -->

Author: i entered 5 Comments for todo's in the 5 files

Author: streamlined this See Also section
